shortens his length outside off, batsman presses across and defends it to the off-side
oh beaten! Short of a length delivery pitching on off and then nipping away off the seam, batsman plays inside the line and almost nicks off
bowler tests him with a fuller ball close to off, batsman not falling in the trap. Lifts the bat high
opens the face of the bat and guides the length ball towards gully
good length delivery outside off stump, batsman lets it go
oh almost sucked him into a poke away from the body. batsman was leaning forward to drive away from the body, took his bat away last second
very good leave from batsman. Good length just outside off stump, bit of extra bounce but batsman didn't bother as he was fully aware of where the off stump was
middle and leg, batsman knocks towards square leg
well bowled! Full and drew him forward, batsman lined up for an on-drive, the ball moved away late to catch the outer half of the bat
top leave! A step across the stumps to counter movement, this one did jag back in off the seam off a fullish length but batsman had it covered
oes get the on-drive out to a decent extent but mid-on is very straight as they wanted batsman to play more across the line. Cut off with a dive
inside edge rolls to leg. The extra ball scares batsman just a bit by moving back in off the seam
fullish and outside off stump, batsman lets it go
good length outside off stump, lets it go
he smashed the bones out previous ball, now offers a soft-handed defence next ball
noooo is the shout from batsman after offering a solid back foot defence
knocked to short leg
flatter delivery outside off stump, batsman lets it pass after tucking the bat behind the pad
fullish and turning back in, batsman blocks
goes right back and blocks it to leg
not enough time to fully come forward and defend. Played from the crease
all throw their heads back in disappointment. Was the slider outside off stump, batsman stayed back to late cut, missed
short of length delivery just outside off stump, batsman defends off the back foot
oh crisp straight drive, bowler ticks his left hand out and stops the ball
turning back in, batsman turns it towards short leg
goes back and punches it to the right of the bowler
blocked
flatter delivery, batsman pushes it towards cover
good length delivery just outside off stump, keeps batsman calm on the defence
just outside off stump again to test batsman patience. He defends and says no
well bowled, well played. Got a stride forward to cover the line of this full ball and then offered no shot
batsman was completely deceived 
batsman missed that one by a mile
That ball was a mystery to the batsman
